Fix typo (#337)
rstudio/cheatsheets: html/lubridate.qmd

### Periods

> Add or subtract periods to model events that happen at specific clock times, e.g. the NYSE opening bell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add or subtract periods to model events that happen at specific clock times, like the NYSE opening bell.
```
